README.md, before:

# cargo-review-deps

A cargo subcommand for reviewing the source code of crates.io dependencies.

## Installation:

```
cargo install cargo-review-deps
```

## Usage:

To see the `diff -r` of packages, use

```
$ cargo review-deps diff rand:0.6.0 rand:0.6.1
```

If you want to use a custom diff tool or need to do a more thorough
investigation, use `--destination` option to checkout sources of dependencies
locally.

```
$ cargo review-deps diff rand:0.6.0 rand:0.6.1 --destinations diff
```

The `diff/random:0.6.0` and `diff/random:0.6.1` directories would
contain the sources of the respective versions.

Note that `cargo-review-deps` does not rely on version control information: it
uses exactly that version of source code, that will be used by Cargo to build
your project.

## Future plans:

`cargo review-deps current -d my-deps` to dump the sources of all dependencies
to `my-deps` directory.

`cargo review-deps diff-update -d diff -- -p rand --precise 0.6.1` to get the
diff of *all* dependencies changed during `cargo update`.

## Similar projects:

[cargo-audit](https://github.com/RustSec/cargo-audit) checks your project for
dependencies with security vulnerabilities reported to the RustSec Advisory
Database.

## Commercial Support

This project is developed by [Ferrous Systems GmbH](https://ferrous-systems.com). Interested in commercial support, custom functionality, or sponsoring this open source work? Send us [an email here](mailto:commercial@ferrous-systems.com).

## License

`MIT OR Apache-2.0`

Commit message:

move future plans to usage info

README.md, after:

# cargo-review-deps

A cargo subcommand for reviewing the source code of crates.io dependencies.

## Installation:

```
cargo install cargo-review-deps
```

## Usage

### update-diff

To see what exactly changes if you run `cargo-update`, use

```
$ cargo review-deps update-diff --destination out -- --package foo
```

This will run (without actually updating lockfile) `cargo update --package foo`
and dump the sources of updated packages to `out/before` and `out/after`.

You can then run, for example, `diff --color -r out/before out/after to see the
exact changes to the sources of your dependencies.

### diff

To see quickly the `diff -r` of two package versions, use

```
$ cargo review-deps diff rand:0.6.0 rand:0.6.1
```

If you want to use a custom diff tool or need to do a more thorough
investigation, use `--destination` option to checkout sources of dependencies
locally.

```
$ cargo review-deps diff rand:0.6.0 rand:0.6.1 --destinations diff
```

The `diff/random:0.6.0` and `diff/random:0.6.1` directories would
contain the sources of the respective versions.

Note that `cargo-review-deps` does not rely on version control information: it
uses exactly that version of source code, that will be used by Cargo to build
your project.


### current

To see the sources of all transitive dependencies, use

```
$ cargo review-deps current --destination dir/to/dump/sources/to
```

This will download sources of all of the dependencies to the specified
directory.

## Similar projects:

[cargo-audit](https://github.com/RustSec/cargo-audit) checks your project for
dependencies with security vulnerabilities reported to the RustSec Advisory
Database.

## Commercial Support

This project is developed by [Ferrous Systems GmbH](https://ferrous-systems.com). Interested in commercial support, custom functionality, or sponsoring this open source work? Send us [an email here](mailto:commercial@ferrous-systems.com).

## License

`MIT OR Apache-2.0`
